docs/remcp/index.mdx, before:

---
slug: /
title: Getting Started
sidebar_position: 0
---
# Quick Install

**One-line install (macOS and Linux)**
```
curl -sSL https://storage.googleapis.com/remcp/install.sh | bash
```
📝 Next steps:
1. Make sure `$HOME/.local/bin` is in your `PATH`. Add to `~/.bashrc` or `~/.zshrc`: 

```export PATH="$HOME/.local/bin:$PATH"```

2. Authenticate with GitHub: 

```remcp auth```

3. Add to Claude Code: 

```claude mcp add recurse --scope user -- remcp serve```


# Usage tips:

## Configure claude code (recommended)

```bash
remcp configure claude
```
This installs a SessionStart hook that automatically reminds Claude to use remcp. This is a global configuration for claude.


If you are not happy with the global setting, you can remove it using the following
```bash
remcp configure claude --remove
```

## Recurse prompt

```
$ /recurse:review_code Please implement access control on web api endpoints
```
The prompt is automatically available once you install remcp, and claude will start using Recurse MCP for code changes.


## Project level configuration (manual)


To help your AI agent automatically use remcp, add instructions to your agent's rules file:

| MCP Client | Rules File Location |
|------------|---------------------|
| Claude Desktop/Code | `CLAUDE.md` |
| VSCode Copilot | `.github/copilot-instructions.md` |
| Cursor | `.cursorrules` or `.cursor/rules` |

**Add this line to your rules file:**

```
Use Recurse MCP for code analysis: call init() before starting, sync() after changes, then check() for results.
```

Commit message:

Fix user prompt to not use sync()

docs/remcp/index.mdx, after:

---
slug: /
title: Getting Started
sidebar_position: 0
---
# Quick Install

**One-line install (macOS and Linux)**
```
curl -sSL https://storage.googleapis.com/remcp/install.sh | bash
```
📝 Next steps:
1. Make sure `$HOME/.local/bin` is in your `PATH`. Add to `~/.bashrc` or `~/.zshrc`: 

```export PATH="$HOME/.local/bin:$PATH"```

2. Authenticate with GitHub: 

```remcp auth```

3. Add to Claude Code: 

```claude mcp add recurse --scope user -- remcp serve```


# Usage tips:

## Configure claude code (recommended)

```bash
remcp configure claude
```
This installs a SessionStart hook that automatically reminds Claude to use remcp. This is a global configuration for claude.


If you are not happy with the global setting, you can remove it using the following
```bash
remcp configure claude --remove
```

## Recurse prompt

```
$ /recurse:review_code Please implement access control on web api endpoints
```
The prompt is automatically available once you install remcp, and claude will start using Recurse MCP for code changes.


## Project level configuration (manual)


To help your AI agent automatically use remcp, add instructions to your agent's rules file:

| MCP Client | Rules File Location |
|------------|---------------------|
| Claude Desktop/Code | `CLAUDE.md` |
| VSCode Copilot | `.github/copilot-instructions.md` |
| Cursor | `.cursorrules` or `.cursor/rules` |

**Add this line to your rules file:**

```
Use recurse MCP to verify your work while completing the following task. Before making any changes call init() on the project if not already done, once all changes are done call check() to get bug reports
```
